.\" Manpage for duplo.
.\" Contact ch@bitfehler.net to correct errors or typos.
.TH duplo 1 "Dec 2013" "Duplo Version 0.3.0" "duplo man page"
.SH NAME
duplo \- search files for duplicate source code
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B duplo
.RI [ options ]
.RI [ files ...]
.br
.B duplo
.RI [ options ]
.RI -i\  file
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B duplo
searches a given set of source files for duplicate code. These source files can
be specified either directly on the command line as positional arguments or by
using the
.B -i
parameter, in which case no further input files can be specified on the command
line.
.LP
.B duplo
depends on some pre-processing (like removing comments), and is therefore not
language-agnostic. It currently supports the following languages: C, C++, C#,
Java, VB.
.SH OPTIONS
.SS Generic Program Options
.TP
.B -h, --help
Print a usage message briefly summarizing these command-line options and exit.
.TP
.B -v, --version
Print the version number and exit.
.SS Input and Output Control Options
.TP
.BI -i\  file ,\ --input= file
Instead of receiving the input source files as command line arguments, read
them from
.IR file .
The given file should contain one source file per line. If this option is
used, no further input files can specified as positional arguments.
.TP
.BI -o\  file ,\ --output= file
Write final results (but not the progress information) to
.IR file.
The default is to write the results to stdout, after all progress messages.
.TP
.B -q, --quiet
Do not print progress information, only results.
.TP
.B -x, --xml
Generate XML output for the results instead of plain text. The XML will adhere
to the schema defined in the file
.IR duplo.xsd ,
which should have been installed on your system together with the
.B duplo
executable.
.SS Duplicate Matching Control Options
.TP
.BI -c\  N ,\ --min-chars= N
Set minimum number of characters that count as line to
.IR N .
The default value is 3. Note that this refers to pre-processed lines, with
comments and white spaces removed. This useful so that a series of closing
braces will not count as matches.
.TP
.BI -l\  N ,\ --min-lines= N
Set minimum number of lines that count as block to
.IR N .
The default value is 4. Only blocks of at least
.I N
consecutive lines matching the same number of consecutive lines in another
file are reported.
.TP
.B -n, --ignore-same-name
Usually, files with the same name are skipped, so bar/foo.h and baz/foo.h would
not be compared. If this option is used, files will be compared even if their
name is identical (but a file is still never compared with itself).
.TP
.B -p, --ignore-preprocess
Attempt to filter out preprocessor directives and similar (e.g. import) statements.
.SH BUGS
Please report bugs at https://github.com/bitfehler/duplo/issues.
.SH AUTHOR
Duplo was originally written by Christian Ammann. It is currently maintained by Conrad Hoffmann (ch@bitfehler.net).
